=> Computer vision is a process by which we can understand the images and videos how they are stored and how we can manipulate and retrieve data from them. Computer Vision is the base or mostly used for Artificial Intelligence. Computer-Vision is playing a major role in self-driving cars, robotics as well as in photo correction apps.

=> OpenCV is the huge open-source library for the computer vision, machine learning, and image processing and now it plays a major role in real-time operation which is very important in today’s systems. By using it, one can process images and videos to identify objects, faces, or even handwriting of a human.

* Lowest Cost Smart Board
=> Today the cost of smart board is in lacks, and we can see how easy and efficient it is to teach anything using smart board but it is so much costly that not every one can afford it. This thing motivates us to made some technology which can replace smart board and it should be portable also as these smart boards are not portable. For that we first observed all functionalities that a smart board provides and we came up with the conclusion that it totally works like a laptop or pc like all the things we can do in smart board can also be done in laptop. so its just we have to project our laptop screen to a board and instead of controlling laptop with mouse we have to control it with our hand and through that projected screen. For doing so we setup a mobile camera which sends our real time video to the system and the system then process that video and detects our hand movements using openCV library. Then it makes the frame and sends the coordinates of our hand with respect to that frame to the react native mouse controlling library. so basically if we have a control over mouse we can use our lappy as a smart board.
